mafia
16 of 16 found this relevant
crime family
13 of 13 found this relevant
patriarch
10 of 10 found this relevant
rise to power
7 of 7 found this relevant
organized crime
6 of 6 found this relevant
gambling syndicate
6 of 6 found this relevant
part of trilogy
6 of 6 found this relevant
mob boss
9 of 10 found this relevant
violence
7 of 8 found this relevant
gangster
4 of 4 found this relevant
crime boss
4 of 4 found this relevant
professional hit
4 of 4 found this relevant
wedding
3 of 3 found this relevant
murder
3 of 3 found this relevant
death of title character
3 of 3 found this relevant
new york city
3 of 3 found this relevant
cop killer
3 of 3 found this relevant
gang warfare
3 of 3 found this relevant
father son relationship
3 of 3 found this relevant
severed horse's head
4 of 5 found this relevant
revenge
2 of 2 found this relevant
corrupt cop
2 of 2 found this relevant
police officer shot
2 of 2 found this relevant
husband hits wife
2 of 2 found this relevant
manhattan new york city
2 of 2 found this relevant
gang war
2 of 2 found this relevant
bronx new york city
2 of 2 found this relevant
epic
2 of 2 found this relevant
casino
2 of 2 found this relevant
mercilessness
2 of 2 found this relevant
first of series
2 of 2 found this relevant
criminal
2 of 2 found this relevant
shooting
2 of 2 found this relevant
police officer killed
2 of 2 found this relevant
brother sister relationship
2 of 2 found this relevant
brother brother relationship
2 of 2 found this relevant
mob hit
2 of 2 found this relevant
betrayal
2 of 2 found this relevant
1940s
2 of 2 found this relevant
1950s
2 of 2 found this relevant
mob summit
2 of 2 found this relevant
assassination
2 of 2 found this relevant
machine gun
2 of 2 found this relevant
hitman
2 of 2 found this relevant
based on novel
2 of 2 found this relevant
beating
3 of 4 found this relevant
horse killed
3 of 4 found this relevant
dysfunctional family
3 of 5 found this relevant
police officer shot in the neck
2 of 3 found this relevant
character depth
2 of 3 found this relevant
catholic church
2 of 3 found this relevant
wedding reception
2 of 3 found this relevant
famous line
2 of 3 found this relevant
title spoken by character
2 of 3 found this relevant
neo noir
1 of 1 found this relevant
first part
1 of 1 found this relevant
fbi
1 of 1 found this relevant
death of wife
1 of 1 found this relevant
tommy gun
1 of 1 found this relevant
pistol
1 of 1 found this relevant
murder of son
1 of 1 found this relevant
symbolism
1 of 1 found this relevant
family relationships
1 of 1 found this relevant
thompson gun
1 of 1 found this relevant
death
1 of 1 found this relevant
war veteran
1 of 1 found this relevant
mob violence
1 of 1 found this relevant
adopted son
1 of 1 found this relevant
loss of husband
1 of 1 found this relevant
widower
1 of 1 found this relevant
honor
1 of 1 found this relevant
love at first sight
1 of 1 found this relevant
loss of son
1 of 1 found this relevant
vengeance
1 of 1 found this relevant
traitor
1 of 1 found this relevant
loss of wife
1 of 1 found this relevant
assassination attempt
1 of 1 found this relevant
loss of father
1 of 1 found this relevant
corrupt lawyer
1 of 1 found this relevant
police corruption
1 of 1 found this relevant
sibling rivalry
1 of 1 found this relevant
father daughter relationship
1 of 1 found this relevant
italy
1 of 1 found this relevant
crooked cop
1 of 1 found this relevant
protective male
1 of 2 found this relevant
church
1 of 2 found this relevant
ex soldier
1 of 2 found this relevant
exploding car
1 of 2 found this relevant
film producer
1 of 2 found this relevant
police officer shot in the head
1 of 2 found this relevant
pregnant woman beaten
1 of 2 found this relevant
tough guy
1 of 2 found this relevant
female nudity
1 of 2 found this relevant
police
1 of 2 found this relevant
catholic
1 of 2 found this relevant
baptism
1 of 2 found this relevant
police brutality
1 of 2 found this relevant
undertaker
1 of 2 found this relevant
domestic violence
1 of 2 found this relevant
car bomb
1 of 2 found this relevant
extramarital affair
1 of 2 found this relevant
marital abuse
1 of 2 found this relevant
italian american
1 of 2 found this relevant
motion picture executive
1 of 2 found this relevant
power
1 of 2 found this relevant
lawyer
1 of 3 found this relevant
cult film
1 of 3 found this relevant
no opening credits
1 of 3 found this relevant
world war two veteran
1 of 3 found this relevant
attorney
1 of 3 found this relevant
famous score
1 of 3 found this relevant
godfather
Is this relevant?
box office hit
Is this relevant?
blood splatter
Is this relevant?
breasts
Is this relevant?
nickname as title
Is this relevant?
hollywood california
Is this relevant?
hollywood mogul
Is this relevant?
godson
Is this relevant?
godfather godson relationship
Is this relevant?
title same as book
Is this relevant?
post world war two
Is this relevant?
death of son
Is this relevant?
drugs
0 of 1 found this relevant
drug dealer
0 of 1 found this relevant
dirty cop
0 of 1 found this relevant
reference to ingrid bergman
0 of 2 found this relevant
foreplay
0 of 3 found this relevant
kissing
0 of 2 found this relevant
sex scene
0 of 1 found this relevant
reference to jerry lewis
0 of 2 found this relevant
reference to joe e. lewis
0 of 2 found this relevant
reference to gloria dehaven
0 of 1 found this relevant
reference to dean martin
0 of 2 found this relevant
reference to clark gable
0 of 2 found this relevant
shot through the eye
0 of 1 found this relevant
revolver
0 of 1 found this relevant
bathtub
0 of 1 found this relevant
elevator
0 of 3 found this relevant
knife
0 of 1 found this relevant
near death experience
0 of 1 found this relevant
assassin
0 of 1 found this relevant
christmas
0 of 6 found this relevant
movie theater
0 of 3 found this relevant
subtitled scene
0 of 1 found this relevant
bar
0 of 3 found this relevant
cornfield
0 of 2 found this relevant
severed head
0 of 1 found this relevant
film set
0 of 1 found this relevant
smashing a camera
0 of 1 found this relevant
cat
0 of 3 found this relevant
broken jaw
0 of 1 found this relevant
picture in newspaper
0 of 2 found this relevant
character appears in newspaper
0 of 1 found this relevant
beaten with a belt
0 of 1 found this relevant
double murder
0 of 1 found this relevant
man with glasses
0 of 3 found this relevant
orange peel
0 of 3 found this relevant
two word title
0 of 2 found this relevant
character repeating someone else's dialogue
0 of 2 found this relevant
radio city music hall manhattan new york city
0 of 1 found this relevant
telephone call
0 of 2 found this relevant
elderly man
0 of 1 found this relevant
broken rule
0 of 1 found this relevant
garrotting
0 of 1 found this relevant
magnus opus
0 of 1 found this relevant
shot repeatedly
0 of 1 found this relevant
dartmouth college
0 of 2 found this relevant
italian american cop
0 of 2 found this relevant
shot in the throat
0 of 1 found this relevant
shot to death
0 of 1 found this relevant
shot in the chest
0 of 1 found this relevant
shot in the back
0 of 1 found this relevant
shot in the arm
0 of 1 found this relevant
italian food
0 of 2 found this relevant
melancholy
0 of 1 found this relevant
corleone italy
0 of 1 found this relevant
gore
0 of 1 found this relevant
blood
0 of 1 found this relevant
urination
0 of 1 found this relevant
bathroom
0 of 2 found this relevant
statue of liberty new york city
0 of 2 found this relevant
sicily italy
0 of 1 found this relevant
marriage
0 of 1 found this relevant
paraplegic
0 of 1 found this relevant
massage
0 of 1 found this relevant
convicted felon
0 of 1 found this relevant
telephone box
0 of 3 found this relevant
tollbooth
0 of 1 found this relevant
heart attack
0 of 1 found this relevant
fugitive
0 of 1 found this relevant
strangulation
0 of 1 found this relevant
fish
0 of 2 found this relevant
stabbed in the hand
0 of 1 found this relevant
shot in the eye
0 of 1 found this relevant
ethnic slur
0 of 1 found this relevant
horse
0 of 2 found this relevant
hospital
0 of 2 found this relevant
cosa nostra
0 of 1 found this relevant
ex convict
0 of 1 found this relevant
mansion
0 of 1 found this relevant
protection racket
0 of 1 found this relevant
village
0 of 2 found this relevant
hotel
0 of 2 found this relevant
las vegas nevada
0 of 1 found this relevant
courtship
0 of 1 found this relevant
shot in the forehead
0 of 1 found this relevant
cemetery
0 of 2 found this relevant
revolving door
0 of 4 found this relevant
racial slur
0 of 1 found this relevant
restaurant
0 of 2 found this relevant
movie studio
0 of 1 found this relevant
garrote
0 of 1 found this relevant
falling down stairs
0 of 1 found this relevant
knife in hand
0 of 1 found this relevant
drug dealing
0 of 1 found this relevant
open hydrant
0 of 3 found this relevant
funeral
0 of 1 found this relevant
singer
0 of 2 found this relevant
vegetable garden
0 of 2 found this relevant
wheelchair
0 of 1 found this relevant
invalid
0 of 1 found this relevant
paparazzi
0 of 2 found this relevant
el train
0 of 2 found this relevant
ambush
0 of 2 found this relevant
stable
0 of 2 found this relevant
nurse
0 of 3 found this relevant
los angeles california
0 of 1 found this relevant
teacher
0 of 3 found this relevant
